I mean really big.
Okay, okay, what you said is really great.
Hello, Mom.
I respect the general’s affirmation from the twenty-sixth family in the four houses.
You have delivered it
they are not the end of others
You and Chen Xun
Come back quickly
OK I got it
The affirmation of four houses and twenty sixty houses
Already delivered
If Auntie doesn't want to send Mr. Dan away,
I go to Chen Xun’s mission
Are you here to pay?
to me and to him
It's the same
Yes, Chen Xun, let’s go
Chen Xun is the son-in-law of me and my family
Your affirmation
Because of our affirmation
It's the same
I went to find it for sure
This must be us
Just give it to Mr. Chen
There is no need for us to personally teach Mr. Chen, right?
If you don’t personally educate Mr. Chen,
You won't come down either
we can all get up
Last night at the sports meeting
Your solitary general Mr. Chen
The lonely home at your feet
But how much do we teach to grow?
Will it be you?
We can't stand up
This has just passed, sir, where are you today?
It’s our four major families who are treating you, Pailizi
Follow you in every house
Still different from previous years